good morning miss garcia
good morning sunshine i miss you i could
kiss you right now
[Music]
someday curfew is now in effect
all unauthorized citizens must stay
indoors
tensions rise as we enter the 213th week
of lockdown
grim new reality emerges 23 has mutated
[Music]
whoa i'm immune
all infected americans are being forced
into quarantine camps
[Music]
sir what's going on
department of sanitation sarah talk to
me i think my neighbor has a fever it'll
be so much easier if you just open the
door
mrs grant you
do not open that door
beginning thermal scan three two
one anomaly detected
armed guards will be arriving in four to
six hours
you must
[Applause]
i know you're in there
say goodbye to me sir i'm not letting
you give up
sometimes we have to do things we don't
want
to survive i'm trying to save the one
person left in my life
that matters to me
i can't help you what you talking about
is illegal
come here
[Music]
and remember stay safe save and sanitize
you